what's up guys this is anthony from
athens customs and for this video we are
looking at the upcoming Batman the
Animated Series figures some of them are
from the first season or first series
sort of thing and summer from the second
so that's kind of odd but they all look
amazing Batman looks just about perfect
even though he is from the second
version not the first still okay
Catwoman again they're all just
basically perfect representations from
the cartoon they are from DC
collectibles they are in the 6 inch
scale though so they say they're due to
come out in the third quarter of this
year Robin looks really good not so sure
about the Cape being over the shoulder
there we'll see how it's sculpted but
I'm hopeful I'm really hopeful for this
line I'm going to be getting all of them
so if you're looking for the reviews
stay tuned right here I'll have them for
you here's mr. freeze it's definitely
not my choice for the fries design is
from the second version it'll do but I
definitely prefer the first version so
it is odd that they are going back and
forth like that so we'll see what they
come out with after this batch of
figures here's poison ivy from the
second again she does look pretty good
though they all look like they came
right out of the cartoon so I'm really
happy with what they've done with these
figures so far I'm hopeful for the line
in general there are rumors of a Harley
Quinn but we don't know anything about
that yet there's two face looks really
good that's from the first version so
again they're bouncing around but I'm
okay with it as long as they're giving
us animated series i'm happy i'm really
really happy and then lastly for this
video we have the Joker which looks just
about perfect and he is from the
original animated series and he looks
great articulation sculpt everything
really excited for this guy so keep an
eye out for this stuff guys it looks
really good and it'll be coming up
sooner than you think thanks for
watching stay tuned for more figure
abuse custom figures and other good
stuff
keep pork